welcome back to Tyson TV and oh my gosh
this is the last time that we will ever
have
Christopher land of Micra Tyler on types
of TV about that bit sentimental you've
been on the show for ages longer than us
I know it's been like my whole career
has been doing magic on toasted TV you
know when I started doing magic I
started doing magic on toasted so we're
gonna go out with a bang yeah that's
right he's a nice guy
he's a top drive anything amazing
magician as well okay what are we doing
motifs well it's gonna be about teamwork
today so for example let's let's start
with a hankerchief so when a hankerchief
disappears right it does actually
disappear just becomes invisible let me
show you what I mean see he becomes
invisible Sheamus pull it out of my hand
now put it into Kells hand
now Cal put it into Mike's hands now
check this check this out what's this
guy's just reaching myself
Oh what okay what now let's try
something out with the sometimes okay
actually miss you and me are gonna do a
trick on on Kellen Moore okay so uh so
it's going that way two different cards
the whole way through now pick up I'm
gonna get a little emotional asking you
but nice the lights on just say the word
stop okay stop
all right now I want you to look at that
card yeah I want you to show these
choices and show more hands out like
this squeeze kills hands to the car
three two one what does hit card five of
diamonds wrong I say wait cuz what's
supposed to happen the Phillips Square
scared down your head Daniel arm up
sheamus's arm into maybe you got stuck
somewhere in there in fact I'd say what
your car would slip up your hand the
quadfather pot oh you sleep back maybe
you got stuck maybe it got stuck no
nothing wait turn your arm over hearts
that was amazing you guys got some magic
on us in a second is that cool hosting
magic yes
coming up next three magicians are most
certainly better than one here on
toasted TV crisper Wayne Mike Tyler last
time ever we're gonna see you guys as
we're leaving and he's leaving you might
okay anyway so now we're doing some
magic now it's very special we have team
off here so tell diversity Seamus
increase over here very special triggers
are pretty high don't you throw it out
there
yes you did special then he comes with
names of celebrities on them singing
these 492 Sheamus 17 come on there's
only a ream Kardashian we have he see
different celebrities in current case
had up so I'm sure
Sheamus are you can help me out first
I'm gonna go don't this you just tell me
when you want me to stop no just stop
yeah couple key card don't show me I
want to see this I'm so Kayla's gonna
help me out we're gonna try over to my
reading person do need your boat to
visualize that celebrities face okay
right here on the paper okay she's very
good now you're gonna help me out here I
do need my scissors for this trick okay
I'll just comment I don't have any on me
right now take out something I got
something I've got something here
yeah I'm gonna ask you a few questions
okay I can't cut this is here Darian's
Ramallah yeah yeah I love female don't
answer what do you reckon Cal Sheamus is
a boy it's gonna be backed up my oh hey
you're looking at him strangely actor
and a lot are we talking about Sheamus
come on now come on now I think it
prompts that run up here I'm pretty sure
it was in fact he helped me out with his
kill you sure it was in fact one
and in black MIB yeah now I got this up
hi welcome back to the show shadows have
a beard with magic oh wait we did last
time should we ask you where's the dough
success if they want to find more
information about you magic school coms
are you guys thank you for making magic
with me a letting me make magic with you
guys on the show for many many years
thank you so much guys thank you for
having me on for what oh yeah my tall
and magic.com
gotta get the plug out guys you know
absolutely fantastic you've made it easy
for us thank you